Add support for tcp labels in docker provider (#4621)
containous/traefik: docs/content/providers/docker.md

             - traefik.http.middlewares.my-redirect.schemeredirect.scheme=https
             - traefik.http.routers.middlewares=my-redirect
    ```
    
!!! warning "Conflicts in Declaration"

    If you declare multiple middleware with the same name but with different parameters, the middleware fails to be declared.

### TCP

You can declare TCP Routers and/or Services using labels.

??? example "Declaring TCP Routers and Services"

    ```yaml
       services:
         my-container:
           # ...
           labels:
             - traefik.tcp.routers.my-router.rule="HostSNI(`my-host.com`)"
             - traefik.tcp.routers.my-router.rule.tls="true"
             - traefik.tcp.services.my-service.loadbalancer.server.port="4123"
    ```

!!! warning "TCP and HTTP"

>     If you declare TCP Routers/Services, we will not create any HTTP Routers/Services automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you declare a TCP Router/Service, it will prevent Traefik from automatically create an HTTP Router/Service (like it does by default if no TCP Router/Service is defined).
```

>     If you declare both TCP Routers/Services and HTTP Routers/Services we will create both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can declare both a TCP Router/Service and an HTTP Router/Service for the same container (but you have to do so manually).
```
